Tesla's now worth more than GM and Ford
do you have comments on Elon Musk well
you have to give him credit I spoke to
him very recently and he's also doing
the Rockets he likes rockets and he does
good at Rockets too by the way I never
saw where the engines come down with no
wings no anything and they're landing I
said I've never seen that before and I
was worried about him because he's one
of our great geniuses and we have to
protect our genius you know we have to
protect Thomas Edison and we have to
protect all of these people that came up
with originally the light bulb and the
the wheel and all of these things and
he's one of our very smart people and we
want to we want to cherish those people
that's very important but he's done a
very good job shocking how well you know
how it's come so fast I mean you go back
a year and they were talking about the
end of the company and now all of a
sudden they're talking about these great
things he's going to be building a very
big plant in the United States he has to
because we helped him so he has to help
us
you